README.md, before:

# README GENERATOR

# Acceptance Criteria:

For this homework assignment, I was task with creating a professional README generator.
The following is the acceptance criteria for this homework:

    * GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
    * WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
    * THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
    * WHEN I enter my project title
    * THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
    * WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
    * THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
    * WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
    * THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
    * WHEN I enter my GitHub username
    * THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
    * WHEN I enter my email address
    * THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
    * WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
    * THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

# Demo:

[![DEMO](Homework\readmeGenerator\assets\images\demo.JPG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjvHg4ce4wo)

# License: 
![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-[MIT](LICENSE.txt)-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor.svg)


# Table of Contents 

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Contribution](#contribution)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Questions](#questions)
    
## Description: 
This project, I was tasked with creating a generator that would generate a professional README.md file for a project. The generator will prompt a user with a series of questions such as 'What is the name of your project?' and 'Write a breif summary of your project'. After answering all of the prompts, the generator will create a README.md file and transfer the user's response into that README.md file. The generator will also create a 'Table of Contents' to outline the README file. Also, it will have links to bring the reader directly to the section that they want to know more about. 

## Installation: 
The steps required to install this project is 'node.js', 'npm init' and 'npm install inquirer'

## Usage: 
The project is used to quickly create a professional README.md file for a user's project.

## License: 
[MIT](LICENSE.txt)

## Contribution: 
* https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer 
* https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/  
* https://choosealicense.com/  
* https://shields.io/

## Testing: 
I tested my project by running node.js and creating this SampleREADME.md file 

## Questions: 
If there are any questions that you may have, please contact me by the following:

* Github: vickphat (https://github.com/vickphat)
* Email: vickphat@gmail.com

Commit message:

uploaded screenshot for demo, fixed demo link, finished README

README.md, after:

# README GENERATOR

# Acceptance Criteria:

For this homework assignment, I was task with creating a professional README generator.
The following is the acceptance criteria for this homework:

    * GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
    * WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
    * THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
    * WHEN I enter my project title
    * THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
    * WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
    * THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
    * WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
    * THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
    * WHEN I enter my GitHub username
    * THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
    * WHEN I enter my email address
    * THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
    * WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
    * THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

# Demo:

The following is a link to Youtube to give a demo of this README generator:

<img src = "https://github.com/vickphat/README-Generator/blob/master/assets/images/demo.JPG">

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjvHg4ce4wo


# License: 
![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-[MIT](LICENSE.txt)-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor.svg)


# Table of Contents 

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Contribution](#contribution)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Questions](#questions)
    
## Description: 
This project, I was tasked with creating a generator that would generate a professional README.md file for a project. The generator will prompt a user with a series of questions such as 'What is the name of your project?' and 'Write a breif summary of your project'. After answering all of the prompts, the generator will create a README.md file and transfer the user's response into that README.md file. The generator will also create a 'Table of Contents' to outline the README file. Also, it will have links to bring the reader directly to the section that they want to know more about. 

## Installation: 
The steps required to install this project is 'node.js', 'npm init' and 'npm install inquirer'

## Usage: 
The project is used to quickly create a professional README.md file for a user's project.

## License: 
[MIT](LICENSE.txt)

## Contribution: 
* https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer 
* https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/  
* https://choosealicense.com/  
* https://shields.io/

## Testing: 
I tested my project by running node.js and creating this SampleREADME.md file 

## Questions: 
If there are any questions that you may have, please contact me by the following:

* Github: vickphat (https://github.com/vickphat)
* Email: vickphat@gmail.com
